---
layout: post
title: "Hello World!"
tags: personal
categories: personal
---

# Introducing Myself

Hello, world! 👋

Welcome to my corner of the internet. My name is Giovanni De Francesco, also known as Jibbo. I'm a dreamer, an insufferable perfectionist and also highly ambitious. All this traits make me push hard everyday in many aspects of life that I like, such as: metal music, weight lifting and app development. Yeah, I sound busy enough already and a blog might not seem as a good idea, but I do really like writing, hence I'm claiming this space for myself: to reflect on myself, my life and hobbies. I am sure my experiences and reflections could help you too, dear reader.

---

## So ? What to Expect Here

I'd truly enjoy writing about anything on this blog, without giving me strict rules or confining myself to a single topic. I know this could be a jarring experience for readers, but tags will be rightfully placed and people could simply skip posts they don't want to know or..... You might find a new passion, interesting angle or in general something new. In short, I hope you have fun here.

We could say then that I don't have a clear direction for this blog, but one thing is very clear to me: **you will not find posts written by A.I or any kind of advertisement**. I simply like to write my own stuff and I think there is beauty in reading a person mind: with their idiosyncrasies, logic fallacies, wrong punctuations and so on. I believe this to be an "artistic" expression of myself, hence any use of A.I will be strictly prohibited. Moreover, **I'm no shill and never will be**. All the opinions here will be my own and I write them as I would tell them to a friend: you won't find sponsored content or anything of the sort. The blog will remain free for everybody to read and enjoy.

---

## Let's get in touch!

For instance: thank you for stopping by. I'm really excited to start this journey and I want to publish posts that interests also other people and spark healthy conversations. Feel free to reach out to me on mastodon or dropping me an e-mail to let me also hear your thoughts.

Stay tuned for more posts then, writing here soon!
  
---

tags:
  - introduction
  - personal
  - blog
  - about
  - welcome
